**AllYourCheckins**

Our project will be an application that allows users to generate timelines of their FourSquare check-ins. While there are a handful of preexisting applications that can produce FourSquare timelines, we intend to differentiate ourselves by providing our users with the ability to specify both what data is used to generate a timeline and how that data is represented. 

More specifically, users will be able to filter what check-ins are included (e.g. by dates of check-ins, types of check-ins, check-ins matching a keyword) and how those check-ins are ordered in the timeline (e.g. by time of day, day of the week, day of the month). We intend this to be a simple, but powerful tool for finding and generating visual representations of users’ activities over time. We will also allow users to use these same tools on their friends’ check-ins. Furthermore, we want our users to be able to show off what they create. With that in mind, we’ll provide the ability to save and share the timelines they generate.

One of the most important aspects of this project is creating a visually pleasing timeline representation. We are still deciding on exactly what that will look like, but we won’t consider this project a success unless our timelines are informative and engaging. If time permits, we have other features we may include such as using Twitters API to get tweets from checked-in locations and performing sentiment analysis to derive the overall feelings of users towards those locations.
